---
layout: post
title: morgan stanley third round interview
---

h3. {{ page.title }}

p. 27th June 2013 - Guangzhou, China

I cannot prepare anything accordingly, I have been reading and learning recently, not only in IT related, but also other staffs.

I failed so many times last year around April, May & June, and all are failed at the final F2F interviews, this time is still telephone interview and have to face interviewer from NYC, LDN, SHH in 3 hours. what I can say? I will represent who am I and what I can do, also I would like to know how I can do.

To be updated on weekend...

bless? pray? just do it.

@ 05:52 - from LDN Paul
first round is almost building building & building, while I have not much knowledge on this, i guse he want me to go back home wash and sleep...
i cannot even list the questions i met, too difficult to me, cannot understand much...
the main differences if that my past work in build & release are mainly for one application, their build tools are face all developers in m$, they have to be running at high performance level to face all developers' need, but our team is independent from all others, we have full resources on our builds...
finally, i really know more about development not build.

@ 06:50 - from NYC Ganlincher(?)
second round is more acceptable to me, the technical skills problems and the project related things...
* Python
** talk about yield
** how u use yield
** how u give 1M random names base on the input 1M
** how u use yield to implement above
** do you know decorater
** do you know iterator
** whats the difference between iterator and list

* Java
** how you work with JIRA
** how you request JIRA cancel
** what is singleton
** how you implement it
** do you know xml parser in java
** do you know proxy class
** do you know lazy initilization
** how spring do it
** do you know deamon threads
** spring lifesycle
** what bean do if not set for init & destroy
** how u work with build before

@ 2013-07-03 - from LDN
London interviewers are in same style, they don't have a real question list in hand, they talk about things they more care about and expand the question based on my answers.

* talk about the common and differences of Ant, Maven & Gradle
* do you know IVY? 
* do you know makefile?
* why we need build tools? as we can use javac and mv/cp etc.?
* what is GC?
* what is weak reference? what is soft reference?
* how to find the common line in two text files?
* if cannot store in memory, what's your solution?

