---
layout: page
title: About Me
---
h1=. Tan Chao
>. Room 403 Building 17, 310 Fanghua Road, Shanghai, China 201204
>. Email: Tan.Chao.Hawk@gmail.com

h3. Executive Profile 
Four years hands on Core Java and J2EE web development; solid experience on database (Oracle via PLSQL), including stored procedure and optimization; skilled in front-end programming; passion to learn new growing technologies, e.g. Ruby on Rails and HTML5; eager to be technical expert in application design and solution, to master optimization tools and best practices.

h3. Professional Experience

*eBay Inc. - Release Engineer*								Jul. 2011 until now
Developed automation tools and engineering platform to support release procedure for multi domain projects; managed QA and production environments; cooperated with USA and Indian team to support users from different levels with different rules; worked with build and configuration team to protect code.
Developed automatic tools to reduce manual work; reduced release train circle from one month to one week; implemented daily release for urgent and important rollouts.
Integrated with JIRA API service to send mail to BUG related QA and PD to accelerate release process; learnt Lucene and JSoup to implement Log Analyzer; written caching system for application, then implement JCS; redesigned front-end with jQuery and HTML5.

*eBaoTech Corporation - Application Developer*				Jul. 2010 to Jul. 2011
Consulted client in Singapore for one year in insurance firm, responsible for site reliability and application optimization; developed new features and discussed with BA from customer about system enhancement.
Received Excellence Award; leaded team English enhancement as English Master.
Developed GTS plugins to all existing business parts and reports, by Core Java, Stored Procedure and Oracle Report; optimized SQL and application.

*Wonders Information Co. Ltd. - Software Engineer*			Jul. 2008 to Jul. 2010
Developed Shanghai Gongshang Jinxin Projects; designed and implemented domain of project independently; participated in whole SDLC, including requirement discussion with clients, system design meeting, application development, functional test and maintenance; programed from back-end to front-end.
Received Annual Best Team award.
Experienced with SSH structure; skilled in JavaScript and JSP; familiar with UML, Power Designer and Micro Soft Office tools.

h3. Education
*East China University of Science and Technology (211)*		Sep. 2004 to Jul. 2008
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science
Graduate diploma in Finance