---
layout: page
title: CV of Tan Chao
---
h1=. Tan Chao

phone: 86 13822219517
email: chaos@gmail.com

h3. Profile

Java/J2EE (4yr) & Python(1yr) developer; database programming and optimization in Informix, Oracle & Sybase (PLSQL); web development with ruby, node.js, webpy; HTML5 & JavaScript & CSS3; design and enhance automation tools & platform, optimize process and program; innovated and motivated

h3. Professional Experience

*HSBC - Senior Software Engineer*							Jul. 2012 until now
FOREX (foreign exchange) Option team developer; Murex environment support; python automation platform design & implement.

*eBay Inc. - Release Engineer*								Jul. 2011 until Jun. 2012
Developed automation tools and engineering platform to support release procedure for www.ebay.com all sites; conducted QA and production environments; traced urgencies with person in charge

*eBaoTech Corporation - Application Developer*				Jul. 2010 to Jul. 2011
Consulted client of Singapore biggest insurance firm, responsible for site reliability and application optimization; new features enhancement and bugs trouble shooting

*Wonders Information Co. Ltd. - Software Engineer*			Jul. 2008 to Jul. 2010
Developed, designed and implemented J2EE projects of Shanghai Gongshang; participated in whole SDLC, programmed in both back-end & front-end

h3. Projects

h4. 2013

*Murex Environment Support Automation platform* - HSBC - Python, Json, webpy
Designed and developed automated testing environment creation function;
Designed and developed testing environment framework and platform, easily integrated in web page for DIY service.

h4. 2012

*Market Data spreadsheet development* - HSBC - VBA, DMDS, dmds2
Developed new spreadsheets for over five countries to upload market data into DMDS and Murex;
Configured the work flow from spreadsheet to DMDS, from DMDS to Murex;
Congigured the scripts in Murex.

*Log Analysis* - eBay - Java, MySQL, HTML5, jsp
Developed functions to trace the exception/error automaticly.

*Auto Build Frame* - eBay - Java, HTML5
Helped team enhance the frame of automatic build & deploy in features pool.

h4. 2011

*JIRA alert* - eBay - JIRA, Java, HTML5
Developed tool to read data from JIRA and send email to related people.

*Pre-Production Pool monitor* - eBay
Java
Developed tool to read from web page and scan sensitive information, then email related people.

h4. 2010

*GEL* - eBaoTech - Java, Oracle
Developed new features like GTS rates, reports;
Trouble shooting production bugs;
Optimization on SQL & stored procedure.

h4. 2009

*12315* - Wondersgroup - Java, SSH, Informix, Javascript
Design & developed bulletin function;
Design & developed dictionary.

*Annual Exam* - Wondersgroup - Java, SSH, Informix
Developed function for business.

*Register Hall* - Wondersgroup - Java, SSH, Informix
Developed and tested system functions;
Joined requirement meeting.

h3. Education

*East China University of Science and Technology (211)*		Sep. 2004 to Jul. 2008
Bachelor of Engineering in *Computer Science*
Diploma of Economic in *Finance*